---
title: About
---

::about
#title
About

#description
A few words about me

#intro
My name is Victor Zellweger, and I am a Software Engineer passionate about creating interactive multimedia applications. With expertise in JavaScript, TypeScript, React, Vue.js, and AWS services, I build engaging web applications featuring interactive visualizations and simulations. At the moment, I am particularly interested in front-end frameworks, web-based graphics, and media design.

My background in higher education has refined my ability to design, implement, and deliver innovative solutions across diverse domains, including mathematics, physics, engineering, and chemistry, to support and enhance educational initiatives.

Beyond my technical work, I am deeply passionate about digital art and music production. In my free time, I experiment with sound design in Ableton, drawing inspiration from artists like Aphex Twin and Autechre. Additionally, I am an amateur naturalist, fascinated by observing the botanical, mycological, and geological features of different areas.

Explore my projects to see how I combine creativity and technical expertise to build impactful digital experiences. Let's connect and create something exciting together!

#experiences
  :::experiences
  ---
  experiences:
    - title: Web Developer
      company: Oregon State University Ecampus
      date: 2021 - Today
    - title: Analyst Programmer
      company: Oregon State University
      date: 2018 - 2021
    - title: Software Engineer
      company: Hazel Analytics
      date: 2014 - 2017
  ---
  :::

#stack

#stack_title
Stack

#stack_description
Some of the software and technologies I use regularly
::
